Cortex xdr enhancement (#9576)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/Integrations/CortexXDRIR/README.md

To setup the mirroring follow these instructions:
1. Navigate to __Settings__ > __Integrations__ > __Servers & Services__.
2. Search for Cortex XDR - IR and select your integration instance.
3. Enable **Fetches incidents**.

> 4. In the *Incident Mirroring Direction* integration parameter, select in which direction the incidents shouldbe mirrored:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the *Incident Mirroring Direction* integration parameter, select in which direction the incidents should be mirrored:
```

                    "vendor_id": "0x0781",
                    "violation_id": 90
                },
                {
                    "endpoint_id": "bef78d0ddbcc4ae488190bab0dcb31cd",
                    "hostname": "$HOSTNAME",
                    "ip": "$IP",
                    "os_type": "AGENT_OS_WINDOWS",
                    "product": "Cruzer Blade",
                    "product_id": "0x5567",
                    "serial": "4C530010060624106156",
                    "timestamp": 1586813942000,
                    "type": "Disk Drive",
                    "username": "st3.local\assaflevi",
                    "vendor": "SanDisk Corp.",
                    "vendor_id": "0x0781",
                    "violation_id": 80
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Endpoint Violation
>|timestamp|username|ip|type|violation_id|vendor|product|serial|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 1586813964000 | st3.localssaflevi | $IP | Disk Drive | 100 | SanDisk Corp. | Cruzer Blade | 4C530010060624106156 |
>| 1586813953000 | st3.localssaflevi | $IP | Disk Drive | 90 | SanDisk Corp. | Cruzer Blade | 4C530010060624106156 |

> >| 1586813942000 | st3.localssaflevi | $IP | Disk Drive | 80 | SanDisk Corp. | Cruzer Blade | 4C530010060624106156 |

Author: Because we don't want to expose secrets
